it's time for when co-stars alive oh I'm
gonna ask some pop culture questions
count to three and you say your answers
at the exact same time I will count to
three do not say your answers until I do
so which actress is a better leading
lady Meryl Streep or Jessica Lange one
two three which season of American
Horror Story is the supreme cult or
apocalypse one two three Carl okay which
Broadway star is more of a legend
Bernadette Peters or Patti LuPone one
two three oh my god poor Billy okay
Oscar Glenn Close or Lady gaga one two
three longevity which which view
panelists is your favorite will be or
joy one two three one okay which is a
better movie big or a league of their
own one that's year three the preacher's
wife who would you rather Prince William
or Prince Harry
hi I'm two three okay which queen is the
most exquisite RuPaul or Lady Bunny one
two three RuPaul which pop icon is the
bigger icon don't you Donna or Cher one
two three
which festival is a bigger joke fire or
Coachella 1 2 3 what is the other one
[Applause]
the show are gonna be like just your
child
James Bradford tweeted Billy what would
it take to get him to go full frontal
and an upcoming show or movie not much
right you do that for the right eye I'm
an actor and I would do it for the right
role
[Music]